Project: space_shooter (Version of Asteroids)

This project is an implementation of Asteroids arcade game.
Its done in C++ and uses SFML library for graphics.
SFML should be installed before the game can be run.
On Mac OS(homebrew for Mac should be installed already):
brew install sfml
On Ubuntu:
sudo apt-get install libsfml-devel
On Fedora:
sudo dnf install SFML-devel

Game is simple to play:
1. You shoot bullets, hitting asteroids increases your score.
   (Score is shown in top centre of screen)
2. You have 5 lives. (shown in bottom left of screen)
   Decreases when asteroids hit you.
3. Previous High-score is stored in text file and if you beat it;
   new High-score will be updated and be loaded next time you open
   the game. (High-score is displayed at bottom right of screen)
   Its reset to 0 before submission on canvas.
4. Controls:
   4.1 Spacebar to fire bullets
   4.2 up arrow for thrust
   4.3 down arrow for brake
   4.4 right arrow to go Right
   4.5 left arrow to go Left
   4.6 'Q' quits the game (not case sensitive); can also close the
       window to quit the game. High-score if you make, won't be saved
       though. You should play till you run out of lives for High-score
       to be saved. regular scores aren't saved and leaderboards are
       not implemented.
   The motion is like a spaceship motion. For example up and right won't
   be an exact diagonal cuz thruster will be active like in actual ship.
   Should play a bit to get hang of it.

 Acknowledgment and Resources used:
 Internet

 Important note:
 So I tried running the game on ubuntu and fedora virtual box. Apparently;
 the SFML libraries the package manager downloaded don't support the same
 features as the one on my mac. The game is laggy and explosions don't load.
 It says failed to load texture file size is too large and also some methods
 like setFillColor( ) of sf::Text class are not present so code will compile
 only if I comment those lines. But explosions don't work anyways and window
 sizing is bad in ubuntu and fedora. The game works perfectly on my mac though.
